# Distributed-Player-Status-System-DPSS-using-Java-RMI
In the assignments and project, you are going to implement a simple Distributed Player Status System (DPSS): a distributed system to manage player status across multiple game servers used by players and administrators. Consider three geo-locations: North-America (NA), Europe (EU) and Asia (AS) for your implementation. The server for each geo-location (called GameServer) must maintain a number of player accounts. An Account contains specific information (first name, last name, age, password of at least 6 characters and IP-address) about a Player and is identified by a unique username. A Username has a minimum length of 6 characters and a maximum length of 15 characters. The accounts are placed in several lists that are stored in a hash table according to the first character of the username indicated in the account. For example, all the accounts with the username starting with an “A” will belong to the same list and will be stored in a hash table (acting as the database) using the key “A”. Each server also maintains a log containing the history of all the operations that have been performed on that server. This should be an external text file (one per server) and shall provide as much information as possible about what operations are performed, at what time and who performed the operation. The system has two distinct types of users: Players and Administrators. Players can be identified by their username, password and IP-address. Whenever a player performs an operation, the system must identify the geo-location that the player belongs to based on his/her IP-address and perform the operation on that server. The players maintain a log (text file) of the actions they performed on the system and the response from the system when available. For example, if you have 10 players using your system, you should have a folder containing 10 logs. Administrators can be identified by their username, password   Page 2 of 3 and IP-address. For the sake of this assignment all the administrators have the same username which is Admin and the password is also Admin. The administrators also maintain a log. 
